summary for the night while it's as fresh as it can be.

the guys that were already there had some dreams.  Chet dreamed of his  past and of had true memories of his parents.  Wizard was trapped in the maze.  and Zen was getting deeper and deeper in some caverns that eventually were covered in vines and deeper still the vines almost turned into squiggling tentacles.

the party has come together and we all met up!  though probably not in the state you would want.  

Buppido the derro still seems to believe this is all gods plan and that he will deliver him soon 
Prince Derendil's was fed to the spiders.
Eldeth has still kept to herself mostly but seems to think all the dark dwellers are scum
Jim Jar made some really great and really poor bets today.  including one involving leaping from a bridge while chained to other prisoners which he won btw so worth
Ront was most fearsome today threatening all the new people and then having his "stick" taken
Sarith seem to be a bit more sane today and gave what info he could to the group
Shuushar suggested the darklake and his city of Sloopludop was probably closest and it was to the west
stool mostly didn't have much to say today but was too scared to talk to the guards when asked by wizard.  he longs to go home
Topsy and Turvy didn't have much to say but talked about their home city of blightenstone may have refuge for the party

Shirra was able to recovers some fallen pins for the elevator gear, while zen was able to prove she was tougher than ront.

meanwhile chet lost a knife he was holding and daemon came up with a plan to escape that was refused by Serith.  Jim jar did not disappoint.
they also learned more about Shoor and Jorlan two dark elves who seem to be rivals now

Wizard was charged with stacking boxes which he decided to do as poorly as possible while exploring the pants of the a drow.

The party was able to steal a pipe from ront in a scuffle and then managed to escape when jorlan freed them in an apparent attempt to show up Shoor

as the party sneaks in to reclaim their lost valuables, chet decides to use this makeshift lockpicks to unlock a drow's death.  The parties quick thinking is able to overwhelm the other two drow and tie and bind them with rope.  Making a daring escape as large creatures attack the drow outpost!.  Til next time!