Eldeth had a talk with the characters about the aftermath of the sloop.  It seemed like JimJar was able to cheer up toad and Shushar.

The group had a bit more time to catch up and kind of introduce each other.

Later in the day the boats were "attacked" by some "chitlins" but Corvus was able to scare them off.  Other characters mentioned this was highly unusual behavior.

The group came upon some rapids that capsized one of the boats and it struck a rock damaging it badly.  All the characters eventually ended up in the water at some point and they pulled up on a sandbar where the noise attracted a aquatic troll.  After a long fight Corvus was able to burn it to a crisp.

JimJar now has a bet with Shirra for a drinking contest.

The group then carefully avoid the water fall and camped near the bottom.  During the "night" a duragear (Hemeth) in a barrel washed over the falls and the group pulls him to safety.  He claims to have been on a trip to sloop when his boat was attacked by a giant turtle.  He said he'd never seen anything like it.  He presumably lost his friends but kept some things in a second barrel.  He traded a couple of bows and some arrows for a tow and promised to try to help the group get into Grackslug.  The group decided to try a land approach after the boat showed signs it was taking a lot of water on.

I should have mentioned Hemeth is now wearing the second barrel as an oversized backpack.

The group found a small tunnel across their path in a place called "The Happy Place Where Nothing Bad Happens" and saw a couple of large beasts move across their path.  at least they weren't sentient black cats that keep journals.